[DOCS] Adds important admonition to handling delayed data page (#97753)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/anomaly-detection/ml-delayed-data-detection.asciidoc

that is struck depends upon each use case and the environmental factors of the
cluster.

> IMPORTANT: If you get an error that says 

Reviewer: IMPORTANT: If you get an error that says 
Datafeed missed XXXX documents due to ingest latency', consider increasing the value of `query_delay'. If this doesn't seem to help, investigate the amount of ingest latency and its cause. You can do this by comparing event and ingest timestamps.  High latency is often caused by bursts of ingested documents, misconfiguration of the ingest pipeline, or misalignment of system clocks.

> IMPORTANT: If you get an error that says 
> `Datafeed has missed XXXX documents due to ingest latency`, check your ingestion 
> process end to end if it delays indexing. If it works as expected, consider 
> increasing the value of `query_delay`.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you get an error that says
`Datafeed missed XXXX documents due to ingest latency`, consider increasing 
the value of `query_delay'. If it doesn't help, investigate the ingest latency and its 
cause. You can do this by comparing event and ingest timestamps. High latency 
is often caused by bursts of ingested documents, misconfiguration of the ingest 
pipeline, or misalignment of system clocks.
```
